docs: copy edit to remove newness and add cards (#951)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/updates/v10-migration/overview.mdx

---

> title: Migrate to v10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Migration guide
```

description: This guide includes everything you need to migrate your offering from an older version of Carbon to v10.
tabs: ['Overview', 'Design', 'Develop']
---

<PageDescription>

This guide includes everything you need to migrate your offering from Carbon v9 to v10.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Transitioning to v10</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Migration strategy</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Transitioning to v10

> The transition to v10 was made as seamless as possible but there are breaking changes. This guide is for teams migrating from v9 to v10. If your team uses an older version of Carbon, some of this information may not apply to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transition path to v10 was designed to be as seamless as possible but there are breaking changes. This guide is for teams migrating from v9 to v10. If your team uses an older version of Carbon, some of this information may not apply to you.
```
